The towering alms bowl pagoda stands majestically between
heaven and earth, a timeless earthen monument bearing
witness to the great compassion of the
Buddha. While all beings
fight and kill each other for food, the
Buddha and his disciples, holding the
alms bowl, sowed immeasurable blessings for all
beings. Finally,
before his passing, he left behind the alms bowl for all beings,
creating blessings for
them. For all those who have passed by,
admired, and praised this place, so
many beings will
have the opportunity to enter the stream of
Liberation. With bare feet, he
travels throughout the world, tirelessly
bringing warmth, comfort, and happiness to all
beings, from his last life to
countless lifetimes. In
every step of his life, our compassionate father,
even the smallest act of giving, was for the happiness
of all beings. The
Tathagata, the Righteous One, neither comes nor
goes;
everything is for the sake of all beings. Today, we respectfully
visit the alms bowl pagoda, expressing our gratitude to our compassionate father. We
pray that our compassionate father will bless us so that
we too may be on the
path to
salvation.
We give life through merit and the
happiness of all beings, and as we walk
around the stupa, we also pray
for the blessings of the Buddha to grant
us greater enlightenment and greater diligence.
[Music]
We humbly inform the Buddha, our benevolent father, that the
boy who was once King Ashoka saw the
Buddha in his majestic form, holding a begging bowl, and
offered much land. Because
of this karmic connection,
our compassionate father, Shakyamuni Buddha,
accepted this piece of land and prayed for
that boy to become king in the future and to uphold the Three Jewels, to
preserve the
Dharma, and to build all the sacred sites of the
Buddha, our compassionate father, to be a
refuge for all
beings. We believe that we were
born in a time without a
Buddha, who has entered Nirvana, but
his great compassion is
ever present throughout this entire universe.
Today, the complete form, the complete nature, the
complete compassion, is the form of our compassionate father. The stupa with the begging bowl is the form of the begging bowl. Our hearts are filled with reverence and enlightenment regarding the great compassion of the
Buddha, the compassionate father of all beings.
We also learn from the boy of old, and we
also ask for whatever we have right here within us,
we also ask to offer as a sacrifice
and pray that the Buddha blesses
us so that we may become beings
beneficial to the
Dharma, diligent beings
on the path to Supreme Enlightenment.
In our hearts, in
our vows, in our actions in
this present life, right now, we
are practicing the Six Harmonious Principles to seek
Supreme Enlightenment. Precious in all such truth,
we ask the Buddha to bless
us with the things that the Buddha has
entrusted to us. The Buddha blesses
us with what we find happiness in,
because only the Buddha
knows what happiness is for us, and can give
us and all beings the
highest and best happiness. We
vow to protect the Three Jewels, to seek Supreme Enlightenment
in the Buddha's heart, and
together we offer our sacrifices. We humbly ask the Buddha to
witness our offering of the
things that
we see we currently possess, for we
have no more possessions than this.  There are things
before our eyes that are our possessions, we
offer them to our compassionate Buddha.
[Music]
Dear all, we have
circumambulated the stupa containing the alms bowl.
During
this circumambulation, we have seen the
immense benefits of this stupa
for humans, gods, and all
beings. From
this, we see that the Buddha is truly a being who
never ceases to care for sentient beings. Giving the alms
bowl
to the people of Li
Chavi was not simply
because the people of Li Chavi loved the
Buddha. The Buddha
gave us this in this world because we may have
loved him and given him material possessions. The
Buddha did not give us material possessions, but rather the karmic connection,
the
merit, for eternal happiness. From this, we have
wealth, wisdom, and liberation,
not just a little ordinary wealth. The physical body
can be reborn.
This form is the stupa containing the alms bowl. This form is the true alms bowl here. Rely on the form of the
alms bowl and
on the great
compassion that encompasses the entire Dharma realm of the Buddha.  The
Buddha and his disciples are still fully connected, with the Buddha's
alms bowl here. Whoever makes offerings here
will receive the same blessings as if they were making offerings to the Buddha
when he was alive. Therefore, today's
offerings
bring us immense merit. Dear fellow
practitioners, the great
compassion of the benevolent Father,
Shakyamuni Buddha, as well as all the Buddhas, is
truly inconceivable.
Indeed, from countless eons and countless
eons, he has cared for all sentient beings,
loving us infinitely, and the way
he saves
us is also inconceivable.
Today's opportunity to make offerings
here is like the time
when the Buddha was still alive. By making offerings with a respectful
heart, even
our small wishes
will surely be fulfilled in greater ways. Just like
King Ashoka, who in his previous life offered a handful of
earth, only wishing to become a
king in the future, the Buddha
blessed him, and he became
a great king in the history of India,
and even received the unimaginable: he
became a proponent of the
Dharma, and his merits were outstanding.
Because of the Buddha's blessings, I am
certain that today the
Buddha will bless us, and
we will also have the karmic opportunity for
immeasurable blessings. Dear Dharma friends, at
this time, we respectfully bow to the
Buddha,
praying that the Three Jewels and the Sangha will remain in the world for a long time. May the Sangha remain in the
world for a long time. [Image of
monks
holding a bowl] [
Music]
[Music] [Music]
[Music]